Advertise zig and ziglang entry points for `uv`'s sake (#32)
ziglang/zig-pypi: README.pypi.md

Usage
-----
To install and run the Zig toolchain from the command line, use:

```shell

> pip install ziglang

Reviewer: I would like you to roll back this change since it's misleading. For example, on a Debian system, outside of a virtualenv, it is always wrong to run bare `pip`; you should use `pipx` or other managers like `uv`. (I don't want to enumerate every way to install a Python command here since the audience is assumed to know Python.)

Author: done

subprocess.call([sys.executable, "-m", "ziglang"])
```

Usage through uv
----------------
Binary wrapper
--------------

Zig-pypi also exposes a Python tool that wraps the zig compiler so that build systems like [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv) can easily run the zig compiler:
The [ziglang][pypi] Python package installs a binary wrapper for the Zig compiler under the name `python-zig`; the name is different to avoid conflicts with any system-wide or user-wide `zig` binaries that may be already installed.

Using with `uv`
---------------

The Zig compiler distributed in this Python package can be launched by [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv) without installation:

```shell
uvx --from ziglang python-zig
```

> 

Reviewer: I think the end got cut off

Author: fixed?

subprocess.call([sys.executable, "-m", "ziglang"])
```

> Usage through uv
> ----------------
> 
> Zig-pypi also exposes a Python tool that wraps the zig compiler so that build systems like [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv) can easily run the zig compiler:
> 
> ```shell
> uvx --from ziglang python-zig
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Binary wrapper
--------------

The [ziglang][pypi] Python package installs a binary wrapper for the Zig compiler under the name `python-zig`; the name is different to avoid conflicts with any system-wide or user-wide `zig` binaries that may be already installed.

Using with `uv`
---------------

The Zig compiler distributed in this Python package can be launched by [uv](https://docs.astral.sh/uv) without installation:

```shell
uvx --from ziglang python-zig
```

```
